Tell you better not to fall into my hands
Otherwise, I will surely crush you to ashes
Bone and ash
I'll turn you to ashes first
Here comes the snowman
You are dead.
Forgot to tell you
Yeti is the most powerful bounty hunter in Jiang City
He's here, none of you can run away
Let him go
I can let you choose a way to die
Do you want to be the first bird?
take money
Resolve disasters with people
Have you two figured out how to die?
Don't talk nonsense with them snowman
Just solve them for me.
Do you two have any idea who will die first?
Who will die first?
Golden red
Play with him
Be merciful.
Give him a break
Ok big sister
You woman really don't know how to die
I don't think you know anything about death
How to write death
fuck
Humph
court death
Uh-huh.
But Jiang Cheng is one of the best masters
Could be defeated so easily